I have this one question for you
are you afraid of this book is sure to
bring you but if you're great come and
join me as we discover goosebumps
Brook llamas play not now who Brian a my
game will be played this forever I'll
tell you when I'm ready which will be
like midnight oh I lost look I'm gonna
wonder kid except their love I love the
II love jungles my aunt even works in a
jungle maybe that's why I like them so
much
well anyways you'll never guess what she
sent me a shrunken head and for John the
lover that's like the coolest gift you
could ever get
until my shrunken head I know my rock
when everyone is no one else but it
started to glow and flow towards me and
it kind of scared me half to death no
one else believed me then I just got
excited again because I was told that I
was going to visit my head better in the
jungle but then once I got to the jungle
bad things started to happen
when I talk to the jungle I found out
the air banner was missing I read her
diary and and I found out that all the
people around me were bad people and
we're trying to steal her was she I went
to the search for me yes on my own I
didn't know who I could trust
I didn't know which way to go this was
no longer a video game this was real
life I wasn't a real jungle
oh there were Tigers by my aunt how an
answer there were real dangers in this
jungle get all of this information in
this box how I got my shrunken head it's
one of the best books ever I get a five
B's it is a little scary
so don't let once read it when my studio
be followers has recommended this book
to me I was a little frightened but when
I actually read it I found out that he
was right and once I read this one I
wanted to read all the rest I wanted to
read the whole series but this is a
little scary or kind of like a lot of
scary
so you probably wouldn't like under six
years to read it you would be scared out
of their minds that's what my baby I'll
share with your friends subscribe to my
channel before this thing ends hey you
know you like that song